doc: Add aqaReference pipeline parameter requirement to RELEASING.md (#2830)
adoptium/temurin-build: RELEASING.md

   - `TAG`: (github binaries published name)  e.g. `jdk-11.0.5+9` or `jdk-11.0.5+9_openj9-0.nn.0` for OpenJ9 releases. If doing a point release, add that into the name e.g. for a `.3` release use something like these (NOTE that for OpenJ9 the point number goes before the openj9 version): `jdk8u232-b09.3` or `jdk-11.0.4+11.3_openj9-0.15.1`
   - `VERSION`: (select version e.g. `jdk11`)
   - `UPSTREAM_JOB_NAME`: (build-scripts/openjdkNN-pipeline)
   - `UPSTREAM_JOB_NUMBER`: (the job number of the build pipeline under build-scripts/openjdkNN-pipeline) e.g. 86
   - `RELEASE`: "ticked"

>    - `aqaReference` : The correct AQA quality suite branch for this release e.g. `v0.8.0-release`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - `aqaReference` : The correct [aqa-tests release branch name](https://github.com/adoptium/aqa-tests/branches) to use for this release e.g. `v0.8.0-release`
```
